# dow_finalproject
Lisa Lee's final project

  I originally imagined of creating a game where a player would have to "stop" a ball at a "basket" in order to gain points. While my final project does not exactly display my initial thoughts, I did not stray too far from the concept of an interactive game with a randomly moving ball in a canvas. I personally really enjoyed the "canvas" assignment, therefore I was inspired by the idea of being able to freely "draw" in an allotted space. The game that I created is something I'm sure we've all played at some point in our lives, and with the help from w3schools, I was able to create something even better than what I had intended to. 
  
  I think that my favorite part of the project is the random background that pops up everytime a player either refreshes the game or runs out of lives. When I was thinking of ways to add "randomness" to the project, I thought that the changing backgrounds would make the game a little bit more interesting. An interesting and useful technique I picked up was the "setinterval/alert" function, where the computer would almost send a message to the user saying "congrats!" or "game over". I find a lot of joy in creating interactive programs so the "alert" aspect is something I really like. 
  
  There are a few things I would like to continue to work on with my project. I want to be able to create multiple levels, where each level gets progressively more difficult. I would make it more difficult by reducing the size of the paddle, and speeding up the movement of the ball. I also want the transition from level to level to be "smooth", so that the score and the number of lives carry over. Once I truly master WebGL, I also wish to make my game more 3D looking, because my current game is essentially 2D. 
